Concurrency Concepts in Java
Build To Last: From Frontend To Backend #slideless #talk
Consumer Driven Contracts and Your Microservice Architecture
Introduction to gRPC: A general RPC framework that puts mobile and HTTP/2 first
Advanced search for your legacy application
Reactive programming in Java
Rethinking Microservices with Stateful Streams
Brainstorming your way from a Monolith to a Clean Architecture
Distributed Systems in One Lesson
From Laptop to the World - Global deployment at your fingertip with Kubernetes
Four Distributed Systems Architectural Patterns
Think Async in Java 8
Reactive Meets Data Access
Load Testing Like a Pro
Welcome Alexa, your personal assistant
Cracking the Code to Secure Software
Feature Branches And Toggles In A Post-GitHub World
Implementing Clean Architecture
How to run a dev team in a cloud-talent world (100% remotework)
Making the Most of Your Gradle Build 
The Art of Clean Code
Git Anti-Patterns: How Mess Up With Git And Love It Again
JPA beyond copy-paste
Big Data 101, all the foundations you need to bootstrap a new project in 2017
Shift-Left: The role of the tester in a DevOps world
Reactive Spring
From Tic Tac Toe to AlphaGo: Playing games with AI and machine learning
Kotlin - your 2017 Java replacement
Cut me some Slack: The road to continuous learning and improvement
Beyond Given/When/Then - why diving into Cucumber is the wrong approach to adopting BDD
OpenJ9: Under the hood of the next open source JVM
Do it yourself - How to create a successful Uber type ride sharing company in 30 days!
Using actors for The Internet of (Lego) Trains 
Git - the modern version control system
Managing secrets at scale
Functional Programming in Java 8
55 New Features In JDK 9
On @annotations - liberate yourselves from demons
A Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Cloud Native Stack
Pragmatist’s Guide to Functional Geekery
5 architectures of asynchronous JavaScript
Security and Microservices
Java EE 8 - What's coming?
Fostering an evolving architecture in the agile world
Vavr By Example
Applying stability patterns: a case study
Knot.x - Reactive web integration platform
The Seven Sins of Optional
What users want
Spring Framework 5: Themes & Trends
JVM Mechanics
Spanner - a fully managed horizontally scalable relational database with ACID transactions that speaks SQL
Delegate responsibility, gain productivity
Everything-as-code. A polyglot adventure.
Cloud Native Architecture Patterns
A reasonable overview of Java 9 and how you could think of it
Docker Container Orchestration Platforms on Amazon
Building a PWA with Ionic, Angular and Spring Boot
Stages of maturity on the way to microservices
Apache Spark : Deep dive into the Java API for developers
The Language of Actors
Betting on performance: a note on hypothesis-driven performance testing
Google Dataflow: The New Open Model for Batch and Stream Processing
Ratpack  - Future<Server.HTTP<Java>> 
Boost your skills with Open Source
Learning to fly
Java Performance Puzzlers
360° Monitoring of Your Microservices
Application Security 101
Why you should mock your IoT device during development and how to do this?
Automate your docs, automate yourself
Practical Kotlin - let’s forget about Java 9 for a moment
Autoscaling in Kubernetes
Find A Tech Job
Deep Dive: Data Partitioning Details in Hazelcast
Serverless computing with Google Cloud Functions
TestContainers - integration testing without the hassle
10 tips to become an awesome Technical Lead
The Future of Event-driven Microservices with Spring Cloud Stream
WebAssembly
Embrace failure - what can bring your system down
Crash Coaching - Agile coaching for dangerous feedback
Domain-Driven Design with Actors
Resilient Architecture
Angular vs. React: Framework Smackdown
Continuous Deployment to the Cloud with Spring Cloud Pipelines
HTTP Servers: the fundament of microservices
Apache Spark? If only it worked.
Microservices - the naked truth of the maintainability
Event Sourcing and CQRS with Spring Stream
Browsers behind your back
What's New in JHipsterLand
JVM Toolbox 2017 - Choose the right JVM language for the right task (Live coding)
How to CARE about software project in 4 simple words.
Frontendless in a nutshell: UI as a service
Catch me... if you can!
Polytech Careerism
Serverless? Not so FaaS!
An empty database in every pocket
Microservices with Kafka
Anomaly detection in real-time a.k.a. simplicity is the ultimate sophistication
To the Cloud?
Migrating to Microservice Databases: From Relational Monolith to Distributed Data
TensorFlow
Offline-first apps with WebComponents
