The silver bullet syndrome
Principles of microservices
What's coming in Java EE 8
Clean architecture - how to improve your system architecture
5-10-15 years with Java - from junior to master and back again
From API to protocol
Tips and tricks for clean relational db schemas
High performance JavaScript web apps
"Bootiful" applications with Spring Boot
Functional patterns for Scala beginners
JRebel under the covers - how is it even possible?
Preventing analytics and ads from polluting your codebase
OnConnectionLost - the life of an offline web application
You don't run unit tests concurrently, do you?
Does it have to be so complicated?
Modern web architecture
"Bootiful" microservices with Spring Cloud
Corporate startup and Scala
From spaghetti with no src/test to green CI, good coverage and well-sleeping developers
Agile development meets connected devices - lessons learned
Refactoring to functional
Security platform as a service with Docker and Weave
Modularity in post microservice world
Apache Cassandra 101
Using JavaScript/HTML5 rich clients with Java EE 7
Technical leadership - from an expert to a leader
A gentle and useful introduction to reactive extensions
You're an architect, now what?
Is your profiler speaking the same language as you?
Caching reboot - javax.cache & Ehcache 3
Lessons learned from scaling software
What's new in WildFly 9
Nashorn, what is the whole buzz about
Supler - complex web forms, not so complex
Babun - a Windows shell you will love, finally!
IDE wizard? CLI command? Get both for the price of one!
Vaadin Designer, the visual design tool for modern web apps
Building systems that are #neverdone
Groovier BDD with Spock
Why software developers should care about deployment and monitoring
Microservices and conversion hunting - how to build software architectures for changeableness
Case study - agile @gov.pl
Everybody lies
Modern Java component design with Spring 4.2
10 NoSQL databases you have to know
The Go language
OAuth2 for native apps and beyond
Hystrix - managing failures in distributed systems
Scalable as awesome, literally!
Unlocking the magic of monads in Java 8
Need for async - in hot pursuit of internet-scale app architectures
Make sense of your (BIG) data!
Failing Continuous Delivery
Forgive me, for I have allocated
What can we really learn from martial arts?
How to participate in the future of Java
The Spring Framework roadmap
Vaadin Designer hands-on quickie
Why you should version all your data in noSQL world - think about data durability
Functional data storage
Flavors of concurrency in Java
Reviewing architectures
Designing software with security in mind?
Vagrant up your enviroment
Building an asynchronous reactive NoSQL SDK with RxJava
Lazy evaluations
WebVR - democracy in Virtual Reality
Microservices - enough with theory, let's code some
Apache Spark - when things go wrong
HTTP/2 - why upgrading the web?
Clean JavaScript code - only dream or reality
Get past the syntax, the real scare is in the semantics
Refactoring meets big money
Painfree object-document mapping for MongoDB
Agile project management anti-patterns
The Spring BOF
JCP, Adopt-a-JSR & You
Everything Works In Java EE? Then try microservices :-)
My running shoes - Continuous Delivery 
Deploying Microservice architectures with Spring Cloud on Cloud Foundry
From Docker to Kubernetes - a developer's guide to containers
Java bytecode explained
PubSub++ - few tips that make your life with kafka easier.
Core software design principles for programmers
Building fault tolerant microservices
User acceptance testing - looking for the Holly Grail
Deep dive into Reactive Java
What's new in Spring Data?
Scala and Clojure - playing well together.
Social coding - tools and techniques
Software architecture as code
React.js - super-fast single page web applications
Kill the mutants, test your tests
Running Micro-Services with Spring Boot in Kubernetes
The end of server management - hosting have to become a commodity
Event Sourcing & Functional programming - a pair made in heaven
Debugging your legacy
Watch out, the REPL is coming
How great entrepreneurs think
Functional programming - technical reasons to adapt
8 lines of code
Level up your dev skills with static analysis
The Smartwatch revolution begins - developing for Android Wear
Effective SCRUM in distributed teams
Applications secure by default.
Coding culture
Busy Java developer's guide to three REST API frameworks
Things about microservices you wish you never knew
Distributed algorithms for Big Data
Why I love Logstash and you should too.
BigData on Azure for architects - Machine Learning, HDInsight (Hadoop), Event Hub - what to use when (and - how)
The creative networker
