Why does Yesterday's Best Practice Become Tomorrow's Antipattern?
Coding Microservices Effectively
Cloud Native Java
Continuous Integration for Web & JavaScript Projects
The good monolith - bounded contexts in practice
The Physical World meets the Web
Beyond lambdas - the aftermath
React.js: A Modern Web Framework
Real-world analytics with Solr Cloud and Spark
Hotspot & AOT
Blockchain and distributed ledgers for developers
Pwn'ed within 48 hours
Data warehousing on Hadoop - one important DON'T and a few DOs
Passwords: do you keep them safe?
How to walk a process - Controlling LEGO MINDSTORMS using BPMN
Why Functional Programming Matters
Getting Hip with JHipster
Successful startup is NOT enough.  You must scale technology to ENTERPRISE while maintaining your startup creativity.
Building a full-automated Fast Data Platform
Antifragile Architectures
A practical RxJava example with Ratpack
Building common libraries and not failing at it
Tips & Tricks for a Java team
Microservices Minus the Hype: How to Build and Why
Java libraries you can't afford to miss
JVM dive for mere mortals
Project Jigsaw in JDK 9: Modularity Comes To Java
40 Tips & Tricks for Spring in IntelliJ IDEA
How to survive and thrive in a BigCo
Reactive Fault Tolerant Programing with Hystrix and RxJava
2FA, WTF?
Continuous improvement, developing yourself and others
Real-time mapping with the drone
The Spring BOF
DevOps Assessment Workshop: How to achieve quick returns with speed in Application delivery?
Data warehousing on Hadoop - after a few months in production
The State of Asynchronous Programming in Java: Completable or Reactive Future?
Understanding Microservice performance
A Post-Apocalyptic sun.misc.Unsafe World
Developer, develop yourself!
Easily scale up your JEE stack with Docker&Co - battlefield notes - join the winners!
The Error Handling Approaches
Evolutionary Architectures
Going Reactive
New Cassandra 3 features that change your (developer) life
REST in Peace
Reactive Microservices with DDD and Actors
Better ways of developing software or, coding like a unicorn
Ten lessons I painfully learnt while moving from software developer to entrepreneur/CEO role
The Illusion of Statelessness
Machine Learning for Developers
Annotation Processor, the power of byte code manipulation without its guru dark side
Reverse engineering the clean code
Sputnik CI - kill all bugs ;)
Preconditions for good code review
Angular 2
Data consistency: Analyse, understand and decide
Scale your application out!
Security in the era of modern applications and services
You can do better with Kotlin
Functional data structures with Java 8
The Java developers' guide to asynchronous programming
The Future of Generics in Java
NOW TV and Linear Streaming: The unpredictable scalability challenge
Practical Proxy Deep Dive
Using the G1GC
This stuff is cool, but HOW CAN I GET MY COMPANY TO DO IT??!
Tracking huge files with Git LFS
Immutable Infrastructure: Rise of the Machine Images
How to Create a New JVM Language in Under an Hour
The Pendulum
Getting started with Angular2
Threaddump analysis with Dumpling
gRPC 101 for Java Developers
Find A Tech Job
Finding Your Perfect Weather with Apache Spark, Docker and IBM Bluemix
Ehcache out of his Element
Shape your infrastructure with Terraform
JUnit 5: Next Generation Testing on the JVM
Coding a better world
Continuos delivery with kubernetes @Sky
Use BigData to speed up your Continuous Delivery Pipeline
Lean Startup for Developers Conference
Microservices and Conway's Law
How to Lie (to Yourself) about Performance
Comment Your &*$# Code!
Faster Java By Adding Structs (Sort Of)
Scaling with Kubernetes, Automatically! Learn Kubernetes API through writing a visualizer to an autoscaler
oDDs & enDs
Highway to heaven - Building microservices in the cloud
Transformative Git practices: new techniques for hyper-productivity
Why I use Groovy and why I don't like it
Business vs IT. How to avoid delays in deadlines.
Accurest - throw away your integration tests
Java 9 compiler integration
Code Review - how to do it better?
A Peak Inside the JIT
The JVM and Docker, a good idea?
Enterprise I.T. is dead, long live enterprise I.T.! 
Creating Star Wars: Lightsaber Escape
Microservices tracing with Spring Cloud and Zipkin
The Climb
Breaking the Limits of the Web
Scaling engineering at LinkedIn California
Failure is an option
Jenkins as a Code
Pragmatic Architecture
